I showed you what will be built and I walked to Frucci core building blocks of this course.
I don't want to bore you with more slides about discours I guess it's better to just get started.
However I want to show you how you can get the most out of this course because that really is why you're
taking this course.
You want to get the most for your money right and to get the most of the course.
You should obviously watch the videos.
It's a video based course watching them make sense I guess but you should also code along.
I don't throw the code at you and say here is copy it.
I explain why we type code in a certain way and you learn the most if you code along.
Now you might need to pause video sometimes because maybe I'm moving too fast or at some points maybe
I'm moving too slow.
So feel free to adjust that playback speed.
But coding along really allows you to not just see the project but really build and learn it.
Now besides that if you ever face an issue please download my source code.
I provide a lot of snapshots from the course attached to the Course Lectures and always to the last
lecture of each module and with these course code snapshots you really should be able to compare decode
to yours.
Run my code and see where the differences and why your code fails.
And finally if you're absolutely stuck or if something is unclear please ask in the course Q and A section.
It's there for you to ask and I'm there to help.
But I also want to highlight that you should not just ask there but also answer not to do my work.
I will answer but because you learn way more if you answer it's harder.
And that's why you learn more.
But if you help our students we have two great benefits.
One you did your good deed of the day you helped another student too.
You'll learn more because you were challenged to think about a problem and formulate an answer.
And if the answer is wrong or only parts of it are correct.
Nothing bad about that.
You're going to learn even more then.
So please take this with you and go for the steps was falling for decors and you will get the most out
of this course.